# Touchpoint before January Customer Meeting

> 18th January 4pm

## Agenda

1. Status of the tool: we had 2 tasks from last week
   - Compare 2 elements: find a way of comparing the selected elements in the extension
   - Report on the differences: output a report with the differences between the 2 elements (after the comparison)
2. Things for tomorrow meeting:
   - Any _new_ questions for Adam?
   - Any unanswered questions to bring up again?
3. Tomorrow's meeting:
   - In person or online?
   - Any other things?
   - Sprint plan
4. Any other questions or issues?

## Meeting

1. Status of the tool:

   - Compare the 2 elements:
     - We've found what we need to compare but the object structure in JS is complicated and we can't get the _style_ object, just the string version
     - Just focus on string comparison then
   - Report on the differences:
     - Bua added something that essentially gives us everything we need: the comparison and the elements that are different
     - Xinming also added something that when you select an element it highlights it in red

2. Things for tomorrow:

   - If we polish what we have already we have something really solid to show tomorrow
   - Any _new_ questions?
     - The tool so far gives you comparison on a pair-by-pair basis, is this enough?
   - Any unanswered questions?
     - License: SnappySnippet has GNU license
     - Parameters: (last time)

3. Tomorrow's meeting:

   - Meeting in person: booked already
   - Yehia's feedback:
     - Improve objectives
   - Sprint plan:
     - Next customer day: **16th of February**, 4 weeks
     - Try to compare from different pages (we said we would do this if we had time on the last sprint) -> Already available so no need to worry
     - **SnappySnippet** -> if we have to do this from scratch we will have to dedicate more time to it and hence we will have less time to do other things
     - Parameters for input and output of the report
     - Make it more general: grow out of pair-by-pair comparisons
     - Highlight inconsistencies in red when clicked on the report

4. Any other questions or issues?
   - Meeting tomorrow at 10am in 14 University Gardens
