# Touchpoint before January 26th Meeting

> 25th January 12pm

## Agenda

1. Task update:
   - Defining the new class (Bua)
   - List of dropdowns (Alex & Xinming)
   - Export (Sarahi)
   - Import (Rojhat)
2. GitLab tickets
3. Preparation:
   - Anything to ask Adam?
   - Preparation for the meeting
4. Other questions/issues

## Meeting:

1. Task update:

   - Bua: done -> we have font, colour, border, enums for the values
   - List of drop-downs: we have the prototype
     - We can link these styles to a form
     - [TODO] Creat template: define an element class (card), in a real page the card class may need the exact class ID -> it will be difficult to compare the "virtual" card to what's on the page (maybe ask Adam)
       - We can either add more class names (`nav`, `btn`)
       - Instead of an input field we can have a drop-down list to select the classes
     - Xinming: finished the JS part
   - Export and import: Rojhat and Sarahi to agree on format

2. We have not created GitLab tickets:

   - Link a ticket to a pull request -> tickets linked to commits
   - Things on chrome-extension or whatever branch -> we want to merge to staging
   - TESTS

3. Preparation for tomorrow's meeting

   - We have the templates: we haven't found a way of comparing the whole page yet? Work for next week
   - Plan for the meeting:
     1. What we've done so far
     2. (If we have time) Sanity checks on requirements
     3. Send him a version of the tool: give him access to GitLab? (ask Alex)
   - Requirements:
     - The user can create and share templates that can be later used to compare the elements in the page

4. Other
   - Booked rooms
   - Internal meeting after Adam's meeting: 12pm on Wednesdays
